README.md, before:

# Portfolio
Bootstrap Portfolio

-Linked necessary bootstrap link tags and js script tags
-Created the Navbar and added javascript tags within the header so that the dropdown menu would work when screen size is smaller.
-Excluded the contacts link within the navbar and instead put it in the footer.
-Made the footer sticky so it will always be on the bottom of the page.
-Chnaged various color elements to create a comfortable and consistent contrast on the website.

HOME:
-Added jumbotron dog photo as well as dogum-ipsum filler text.
-Adjusted margin within bootstraps rules.
-Adjusted bottom padding using style attribute and understanding that 1rem = 16px so that at the very smallest screen size it would not clip behind footer.

PORTFOLIO:
-Added column configurations to make the page more responsive and keep images large and in order.
-Added a style attribute to make more room at the bottom of the page so the images wouldn't clip behind the footer.
-Also adjusted top padding so there was a nice even separation all around.

CONTACT:
-Fairly simple page that adjusts nicely with the changing of screen sizes.
-Actual "Send Message" button does not work if contact page is filled out - 404 error.

Commit message:

updated readme to reflect new portfolio changes

README.md, after:

# Portfolio
Bootstrap Portfolio

-Linked necessary bootstrap link tags and js script tags
-Created the Navbar and added javascript tags within the header so that the dropdown menu would work when screen size is smaller.
-Excluded the contacts link within the navbar and instead put it in the footer.
-Made the footer sticky so it will always be on the bottom of the page.
-Chnaged various color elements to create a comfortable and consistent contrast on the website.
-Added Linkedin and Github buttons in footer to open in new tab
-Added resume modal and Linkedin profile card

HOME:
-Added jumbotron tech photo.
-Adjusted margin within bootstraps rules.
-Adjusted bottom padding using style attribute and understanding that 1rem = 16px so that at the very smallest screen size it would not clip behind footer.

PORTFOLIO:
-Added column configurations to make the page more responsive and keep images large and in order.
-Added a style attribute to make more room at the bottom of the page so the images wouldn't clip behind the footer.
-Also adjusted top padding so there was a nice even separation all around.
-Added previously completed applications and group prpject to portfolio and clicking them opens them in a new tab

CONTACT:
-Fairly simple page that adjusts nicely with the changing of screen sizes.
-Actual "Send Message" button does not work if contact page is filled out - 404 error.
